Reviewed Nutrition Facts in Sign Users In section (#2938)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/mfa/main/index.md

<StackSelector />

> Thie guide explains how to implement multifactor authentication (MFA) and provides an example of how to use Okta's Factors API to add an additional factor for a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thie guide explains how to implement multifactor authentication (MFA) and provides an example of how to use the Okta Factors API to add an additional factor for a user.
```
